---
layout: post
title: Lent
date: 2015-01-15 00:00:00 +0000
---

It is now Lent term, and CUAMS is starting a **new repertoire of anime!** This is the perfect opportunity to join us if you couldn’t come last term. Only two shows are continuing, both of which are very episodic, so you can dive right in even if you haven’t seen them before. Students and non-students alike are welcome!
We have two independent sets of meetings: Main meetings (on **Tuesdays** this term) and Sunday meetings. Feel free to come to one or the other or both. See the meeting *(to be updated)* and schedule pages for more details on what we’re showing when. We always have snacks and drinks, and you’re free to discuss the anime (or anything else) in the breaks between episodes and after the meeting.
The first meeting this term is at 4:00 pm on **Sunday, 18 January** in Umney Lounge, Robinson College. To get there, go through the main entrance to Robinson (on the corner of Grange Road and Herschel Road, see [map](http://map.cam.ac.uk/?inst=robin)), immediately turn right and walk down the passage all the way down through two sets of glass doors. At this point you will see a sign saying Umney Theatre diagonally forward and left; the door next to the sign is the entrance to the Umney Lounge. There is also a [college plan](http://www.robinson.cam.ac.uk/about-robinson/college-plan) available.
In addition to anime, we’ll also be showing a Korean game show called The Genius as an **optional bonus on Sundays.** If you want to see it, come earlier for a start at 2:30 pm. This will be the third season of The Genius, but no knowledge of previous seasons is necessary.
The first Main meeting is at 7:00 pm on ***Tuesday,* 20 January** in Bowett Room, Queens’ College. To get there, follow the directions on [this map](/assets/images/posts/bowett-room.jpg). When you are inside the building circled on the map, go up the stairs on your right.
We’re looking forward to seeing you. Let’s have a good term together!
