---
layout: post
title: 2022 AGM this Friday 
date: 2022-02-15 01:00:00 +0100
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
---

Remember that this week’s meeting is this coming **Friday, the 18th of February,** at **Keynes Hall** in **King’s College** and starts at **7pm**. It is not just a normal meeting but is also the **Annual General Meeting (AGM).**

We will start with the AGM, which is where anyone who is a member of the society is allowed to vote for the new [**committee**](/committee), who will serve for the coming year.<!--more--> The following positions are available: President, Secretary, Treasurer, Webmaster, Food Lord, External Officer, and Social Secretary. You can read more about their responsibilities on the [**society wiki**]({{ site.wiki_link }}). If you are interested in running for a role, please talk to one of the current committee members so that we can keep track of the people running for each position in advance.
 
Committee roles are stood for by presenting a video, comic strip, or any other type of submission the committee deems acceptable. These are usually light-hearted parodies about CUAMS, or anime in general, so they don't need to be overly serious or carefully thought about. Please either send or show them to the Secretary **by noon on the day of the AGM**. This will confirm your candidacy, and then you will be able to present your submission during the AGM - either if you've sent it to us, or brought it with you on a USB stick.
 
Following the AGM, we will be continuing with *Rokka no Yusha*, *Golden Time* and *Tatami Galaxy*. We will try to watch 2 episodes of each, but we may have to leave one for a later week depending on the time.
 
As a reminder, we strongly encourage that everyone **takes a Lateral Flow Test before coming**, and **wears a mask** during the meeting due to the current COVID transmission rate.








